Usability problems
I'm completely new to Druid and I'm evaluating it as a DW+Analytics solution (using the docker-compose sample from this repo).

Unfortunately, I've had some problems working with it. I think some of them might be intentional, but maybe not so clear to a first time user? Here goes:

1. If data is not loaded successfully after ingestion (e.g. records do not match the preconfigured task regex), the _ingestion itself is marked as successful_, but _nothing is imported_. To me this is a problem for these reasons:
    a. this effectively means data might be / is being lost
    b. this is happening without warning
    c. couldn't find any logging related to this (the logs panel was not useful tracking this problem)
    d. I'd expect to see a warning somewhere when tasks do not import anything (and maybe a setting to turn it off whenever it makes sense)
2. When I had two ingestion tasks pointing to the same datasource, the last one ended up overwriting data from the previous one. I still can't figure out the exact reason, but:
    a. as a data platform, data should be sacred 😄 - it should triple check with the user if data is overwritten or dropped automatically
    b. while investigating, I came up to the "segment granularity" setting, which I assume relates to my problem - again, if it is potentially removing data, it should be visually prominent
    c. in my opinion, the UX should be geared to a more cautious approach - ie, it's easier to delete data than getting it back, so maybe it's better to have defaults that ensure data is retained
3. Not sure if this is a bug. I had some segments with a "0" in the "Num rows" column, but the "Records" tab in the segments modal actually showed a record.
4. I don't know what I did but at one point, while ingestion still worked, datasources were all marked as "unavailable" (yellow circle) and I had to restart all the containers to get it unstuck.

----

In the end, my current objective is to periodically take some statistics from a bunch of urls (each url returns a flat json object).
The Druid tasks for this were being triggered by NiFi (via Druid POST API). Speaking in RDBMS terms, I'd like a row for each url in the same stats table (datasource in Druid terms, right?).