Resource Group Tagging
Resource groups have multiple, sometimes competing goals: ensuring fairness for users, while also ensuring maximum safe throughput for a cluster.

For mature production systems, it is important to introduce high level metrics that show whether or not user expectations are being met.  This may be throughput, queueing time, or other metrics.  However, due to the tree structure of resource groups, it is difficult to pinpoint such metrics to single resource group nodes: often, resource groups are dynamically generated based on source or user, which widens the structure and makes overall measurement difficult.

Resource groups feature a very nice metric called adjusted queue size, which attempts to normalize queue size based on queueing due to external factors, such as higher level groups making resources unavailable for child groups.  However, this metric doesn't factor in relative importance: one may have, e.g. "peak" and "off-peak" resource groups, and one may target aggressive resources for peak while leaving off-peak less.  It is not possible to tell using adjusted queue size which of the metrics are being more affected than the other.

We should implement a tag that cuts across resource groups, and allows all child resource groups with the same tag to be aggregated in one request.  One can then query for specific metrics, such as average queue time, queue time at various quantiles, number of users and sources, etc.  By separating our metrics for the various tags away from the other tags, one can better understand if the resource group is adequately optimized to grant resources fairly across the performance metrics.

Here is an example of what a resource group tagged with "red" and "hipri" tags might look like:

```json
{
    "name":"resource_group_hipri",
    "hard_concurrency_limit":"40",
    "soft_concurrency_limit":"10",
    "max_queued":"1500",
    "soft_memory_limit":"25%",
    "jmx_export":"True",
    "tags" : ["red", "hipri"]

}
```

A new endpoint may be created which queries resource group information by tag, which sums up queue time, and collects per query metrics such as average queue time across all tags.